General Information:
This game is a text based horror exploration/adventure game. It features you playing as the protagonist, a teen who is waken in the night by a scratching 
noise. Through the game you will progress through your house exploring every room, in the rooms items can be found in drawers and through
searching certain objects. As you progress through every room your goal is to find all the items you need and get out of the house. 
The power has been cut and your only source of light will be the flashlight, the light from the flashlight is able to blind any
monster/person that is trying to harm you. The flashlight runs on batteries just like any other electronic device, keep in mind to stash up
on them whenever you come across any, because if you run out of light the inevitable will happen. 
There are two exit doors, one in the garage and one is the front door, both are locked and require keys, find the right key and find the right door this will lead you to the street.
Don't celebrate too soon though the street is just as deadly as the house, there are two way to go and it's your decision to make. Through the dark and gloomy forest or through to your backyard, (hint) what seems safer might not be the right path. 

Items List
1. Flashlight: Found in Upper Office. Illuminates your surroundings and keeps the creature at bay. Consumptions: Batteries

2. Golden Key: Found in front door. Used to open garage door.

3. Silver Key: Found in upstairs office. Used to open office drawers.

4. Dog Bone: Found in the doghouse. Is considered a miscellaneous item.

5. Batteries: Found in electric room and parents room. Used as a consumable for the flashlight.

6. Bleach: Found in laundry room. Can be used to commit suicide if that's how you want it to end.

7. Bike: Found in the shed. Broken and too heavy to carry.

Death possibilities:
Climbing out window will either cause you to be killed by the creature or fall to your death.
Drinking bleach will end up as suicide.
Attempting to go to to neighbors house will get you killed by creature.
Going inside the dog house if the creature is nearby will result in death.
If the flashlight is not turned on when monster is nearby it will result in death.


